Our brother Shi
Got beat up in the elevator
What!
Go down.
The four or four masters were defeated
That's the Chu family spending a lot of money
Invited master
How could he be beaten down?
Is it you
Take it easy
Xiao Junlin didn't expect you to have some means
Since you dare to stun me, the four masters of the Chu family
Presumably you are not just pleading for the Ye family
Tell me, you barged in here
What is the real purpose?
I'm here today to ask your Chu family
Where were the people three years ago on November 7th?
November 7th three years ago
Isn't that the day Lord King's Landing resigned?
It seems that since then
There will be no more news of the Lord's Landing in the world
The source pointed out this day
Is it suspicion?
The Chu family was behind the assassination
Qiao Junlin, what are you talking about?
The day of the Lord's Landing
What does it have to do with my Chu family?
Don't think you are from Zhenbei Army
You can be invincible
I'll tell you today.
What is there in the sky?
There are people outside, Master Gu
Miss Smelly
You find me